TEACHING PROGRAM
Covers survival skills, all 5 swim strokes, advanced skills/techniques or skills required in a lifeguard certification ONLY.
Prerequisite : You must exceed the water surface in the pool.

RM500 per 4 lessons for the whole group.
1 complimentary Trial lesson! RM20 refundable deposit required.
60 minutes length.
6 weeks validity.
At your desired pool or we suggested you go to.
 

SQUAD PROGRAM
Programmed training for open water, competition, or lifeguard swimmers.
Prerequisite : Must be able to swim at least 100 meters.

RM250 per person for 16 "Attend or Forfeit" lessons.
Minimum of 5 to start the class (Please invite 4 others).
1 complimentary Trial lesson! RM20/pax refundable deposit required.
60 minutes length.
4 weeks validity.
At your desired pool or we suggested you go to.
 

BOOKING
https://calendar.app.google/JKtse55oAFBmuxpY8

NO POOL? Please WhatsApp "Interested But No Pool" to +(60)10-867 5025.

 

✄ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ✄

AGREEMENT
Fees & Payment
1.1 Lesson fees must be paid in advance.

1.2 Participants are responsible for PUBLIC POOL access fees.

1.3 Exam fees for Lifeguard and Swim Teacher certifications are paid separately.

1.4 Remaining lessons are transferable only to a person who has access to the same pool, follows the same schedule, and they cost nothing.

1.5 In case of medical emergencies or significant life events, we will consider partial refunds on a case-by-case basis.

 

Preparation & Pres-schedule
2.1 Late arrivals or small rain will not disrupt upcoming or ongoing lessons.

2.2 Late arrivals will not receive any pro-rated refunds, catch-up sessions, or lesson time extensions.

2.3 Please prepare necessary drinking water, swimsuit, cap, goggles, towel, and/or diapers.

 

Validity & Eligibility
3.1 Any evacuation longer than 15 minutes due to thunderstorms, triggers a catch-up lesson (Applies to the Teaching Program only).

3.2 Catch-up lessons or rescheduling require mutual agreement among all parties, subject to availability and the validity period (Applies to the Teaching Program only).

3.3 If any of the conditions below are met, a forfeiture will occur:

The absence is not reported.
Lessons canceled with less than 1 hour's notice.
Cancellations made during the lesson time.
Cancellation made without mutual agreement from all parties.
The agreed-upon validity date has expired.
3.4 A prorated refund will be issued to Guests who do not have access to the pool due to the Host's failure to meet eligibility requirements for their absence or cancellation.

3.5 The agreed-upon validity date will be extended by 1 week for teacher absence (Applies to the Teaching Program only).

3.6 All lessons will be held on a fixed schedule unless otherwise arranged.

 

Limitation of Participants
4.1 The participant is responsible to obtain pool management approval for the number of attendees.

 

Progress & Process
5.1 Success varies for each student in their learning journey!

5.2 The coach is responsible for your safety within the lesson only.

 

Cautionary & Prohibitive
6.1 We are not responsible for accidents or injuries that result from a student's disregard of advice or warnings.

6.2 Disruptive or abusive behavior will not be tolerated.

6.3 Serious discussions about lesson schedules and fees will be disregarded in the lesson.

 

Footage & Permission
7.1 Neither party (myself nor SwimChicken) is permitted to use photographs, video, or sound recordings of the lesson or facility without prior approval.

 

Emergency Case
8.1 In the event of an accident or illness requiring emergency medical treatment, I hereby grant permission for the staff to seek emergency medical treatment for my child/myself at an appropriate private or government hospital.

8.2 I understand and agree to be financially responsible for any expenses incurred related to my child's/my own medical treatment. And neither I, nor any of my child's next-of-kin, will hold the SwimChicken, its staff, employees, associates, or any other relevant parties responsible for any accident or incident arising from this emergency medical treatment.

 

BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT
I certify that all information provided is true and accurate. I have read this document and signed it willingly, either on my own behalf or on behalf of the child/student mentioned.



~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Student's Signature
Full Name & Phone



~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Guardian’s Signature
Full Name & Phone
